# Software-development
How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
User stories are helpful because they break down what the customer wants into little stories. Instead of looking at what the final product needs to be for the customer, the user stories give the programmer "deadlines" to complete the user stories and then all the user stories together make the final product. If there is a question about the user needs and the user story does not help me, then I will ask the Scrum Master to pass on the question on to the Product Owner, or if many programmers have questions, then maybe calling a meeting with the Product Owner is a better option. Also if the customer changes there mind on a specific detail or decides to add another feature, then instead of being annoyed something changed, just make sure that the new change is implemented. Not everything is set in stone so I just need to make sure that the final product is what the customer wants.
How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
The approach to developing programs is making sure they are the best they can be. I don't want to much error, or a bug defeat that doesn't let the program run properly. When I am a junior developer, I want to make sure the senior developer is willing to help me out. When I need to ask questions, I want to make sure they want to help me grow instead of being annoyed and then make me feel bad for bothering them. A good approach is to collaborate with the team to make sure what you think is a good way to accomplish the task is a good way. You can also be open to ideas, like if you think its a good way but someone is like what if you try this, then you can discuss that, and even try both ways to see. Being open minded is a good idea also.
What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
A good team member ask questions to other developers when I don't understand how I should approach accomplishing the task at hand. Another way to be a good team member is to help someone else that needs help, we are a team and all the other programmers are your side. With Agile no one specify is suppose to take the blame, the whole team goes down if something doesn't work, so if it wasn't you then you need to motivate the team to work together to fix the issue. No one is suppose to make the person who is at fault to feel gulity in public, that person is already feeling bad, so you work together to make it right.
